The great master also Chandrakriti. When he wrote this famous book, as again Kenji Paticheran,
which has quotations, often, often that.
He is the Chandrakriti. He was one of the great masters in the Buddhist historians.
He didn't praise to the Buddha, to the Bodhisattva, to the Ahathas, to anyone, he praised the
compassion at the beginning of his famous book,
Mademaka, Avatar, or woman, Jugamalai. He said, "All this, this Buddha can prevail. It comes from
Buddha, compassion. Where Bodhisattva comes from?
It comes from compassion. Where are others come from? It's compassion. And then compassion without
any discrimination, division.
That is what our pure homage to that. I go to the source of all this beautiful religion. It comes
from the compassion of non-attachment, non-grasp, and our homage to this.
That's what the great master is, the Chandrakriti. This compassion, if we put more division like
that, I mean, this is, we are practicing, now learning.
We are practicing, we are going to practice this, this. That's called compassion, that is focused
through the sentient beings.
And focused through the sentient beings, we wish everyone a great ritual. And everyone is going
through very different challenges, as I said before, and you know, we all know.
Nothing secret, nothing mystery. Only some certain people know, and others don't know. It's truly,
everybody knows. Everybody is going all the way through.
Therefore, feel compared to everyone. Wish to everyone good things. Remove all suffering, the
difficult troubles. To every living beings.
And even they are looking, searching for joy and peace, happiness, descent, and peace, due to their
ignorance. Due to our ignorance, we spoil, we destroy, even we want the joy and peace.
The very cause of that joy and peace, happiness, sometimes we must handle it. We lost, we destroy.
That's what the great master Chanti Deva said in his teachings.
Even you have to have, like to be happy, joy and all that, but through the ignorance, we destroy.
How pathetic, how alas, that is.
Therefore, feel great, compare to all the sentient beings, and wish and do this praise of the four
boneless practices.
Those are the tools and methods these great teachers left for us. We should pick up those tools,
methods, and glorify them, and re-strengthen our practice and meditation with four boneless
practices, for ourselves, to the others.
Then, what are we doing? Didn't we do any meaning for our lives? We will be happy, we will enjoy,
we will be peaceful. Our life will have some meaning, meaning, some other dimension, even we have
lateral meanings in the life on the surface, but this is something more meaningful, in the deeper
levels.
So that is known as the compassion that directly connects with the sentient beings. Second
compassion is known as the compassion, understanding of the meaning of the nature of this
phenomenon, that is a little more deeper.
That means everything is in the subject of the permanent or they are in permanent status. All these
beings, we all are like dream beings, we are like dreams.
Whether we recognize, whether we don't recognize, whether we highlight, whether we don't highlight,
we are dreams, dream beings.
How these dreams are, and kind of thinking of that with great compassion, relaxing that net, whole
universe and everything is in that status. It's just like magic, dream, mirage, status.
Bring up that natural quality and soften our regiment photo of the grasping claims, relax that.
That is known as the compassion of the nature of the phenomenon.
Third compassion is the compassion of the absolute truth. Then, no focus, no grasping, no clinging.
That is known as beyond consciousness.
Feel great compassion in our heart and mind to all beings and relax our mind in the present state
of nature. Relax, relax that.
There is no object, no subject, no action. Let transcendent our activities and our conceptions of
these three phases. Relax in the present status.
That is known as absolute compassion. Absolute compassion.
Or sometimes in teaching said, compassion that has no discrimination, no focal point. It went
beyond. And that blended completely with the great wisdom and energies. That is very relaxing, very
refreshing, very soothing and calming.
We don't have to blow it out and think it all differently. Just let it be in the natural state as
it is. That is third compassion.
And now that great compassion will appear in the poems, appear in the poem and the teaching. Then
that is known as great avallakrishna. Our avallakrishna is the great compassion, absolute
compassion of the Buddha Amitabha. Absolute compassion of the Gurdapara Masambhava.
Appearing the poem of our Gurdapara Masambhava is the true compassion, apparent in this poem, the
daily form. And that we all practice, apparent in that form, to help all the beings.
This compassion is no other than the Amitabha, no other than the Charyasai, no other than the Gurd
apara Masambhava. All that blended in, in one central state, appeared as great Charyasai.
Charyasai, who is in body-marrow compassion, who is the compassion, who will ignite our great inner
compassion by the Charyasai practices, meditation. It is in one way a mirror image of our nature of
the deep compassion or the absolute compassion.
It appeared in that form to rescue our deluded nightmare and nightmare of all beings and their
career compassion. And here, that is what we pay homage. We pay homage to many different levels of
understanding of this compassion.
And the Charyasai level, S.D.T level, Absolute level, and then, after all, the great compassion.
Compassion, that is pinned strongly in our heart, in our mind.